README.md, before:

# Notable Take Home Test

## Welcome to my take home assignment
To run this code, you need to have go set up and working in your environment.

Use the following command to start it:
`go run main.go`

Now, open a new terminal and follow along the following steps to test the functionality. Please make sure you're using the correct UUIDs when typing in the commands. I have included the ones I used when testing locally.

## First, add a doctor:
`curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/doctor/add' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"first_name": "Robert", "last_name": "Malmstein"}'`

## Then try getting doctors:
`curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/doctors`

## Add another doctor:
`curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/doctor/add' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"first_name": "Tim", "last_name": "Lin"}'`

## Get a specific doctor:
`curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/doctor?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8`

## Then try getting all doctors again:
`curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/doctors`

## Then, try getting all appointments for the doctor (use the UUID from above to query this):
`curl -X GET 'http://localhost:8080/appointments?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8&date=2023-04-05'`

## Then, add an appointment to the new doctor:
`curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/appointments?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"start_time": "2023-04-05 09:15:00", "end_time": "2023-04-05 09:30:00", "patient": {"first_name": "John", "last_name": "Doe"}, "kind": "New Patient"}'`

## Try adding an appointment that isn't in a 15 minute interval:
`curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/appointments?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"start_time": "2023-04-05 09:20:00", "end_time": "2023-04-05 09:30:00", "patient": {"first_name": "John", "last_name": "Doe"}, "kind": "New Patient"}'`

You should see: `Invalid appointment time`

## Try adding more than 3 to the same time slot
`curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/appointments?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"start_time": "2023-04-05 09:15:00", "end_time": "2023-04-05 09:30:00", "patient": {"first_name": "Jane", "last_name": "Doe"}, "kind": "New Patient"}'`

`curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/appointments?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"start_time": "2023-04-05 09:15:00", "end_time": "2023-04-05 09:30:00", "patient": {"first_name": "Susy", "last_name": "Doe"}, "kind": "New Patient"}'`

`curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/appointments?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"start_time": "2023-04-05 09:15:00", "end_time": "2023-04-05 09:30:00", "patient": {"first_name": "BamBam", "last_name": "Doe"}, "kind": "New Patient"}'`

You should see: `Maximum number of appointments reached for this doctor`

## Then add a new appointment to 9:30:
`curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/appointments?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"start_time": "2023-04-05 09:30:00", "end_time": "2023-04-05 09:30:00", "patient": {"first_name": "Wowzer", "last_name": "Bowser"}, "kind": "New Patient"}'`

## Try deleting an appointment (use the get request earlier to get the id's of appointments):
`curl -X DELETE 'http://localhost:8080/appointments?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8&appointment_id=ebf4ceb3-4dd3-4ff1-9d7c-6da738ef4035'`

## Get all doctors again to see the changes:
`curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/doctors`

Commit message:

Make a comment about how the imports are weird

README.md, after:

# Notable Take Home Test

## Welcome to my take home assignment
To run this code, you need to have go set up and working in your environment.

Use the following command to start it:
`go run main.go`

Now, open a new terminal and follow along the following steps to test the functionality. Please make sure you're using the correct UUIDs when typing in the commands. I have included the ones I used when testing locally.

NOTE: I'm aware that my imports look weird. This is just how I was able to get it working locally.

## First, add a doctor:
`curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/doctor/add' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"first_name": "Robert", "last_name": "Malmstein"}'`

## Then try getting doctors:
`curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/doctors`

## Add another doctor:
`curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/doctor/add' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"first_name": "Tim", "last_name": "Lin"}'`

## Get a specific doctor:
`curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/doctor?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8`

## Then try getting all doctors again:
`curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/doctors`

## Then, try getting all appointments for the doctor (use the UUID from above to query this):
`curl -X GET 'http://localhost:8080/appointments?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8&date=2023-04-05'`

## Then, add an appointment to the new doctor:
`curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/appointments?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"start_time": "2023-04-05 09:15:00", "end_time": "2023-04-05 09:30:00", "patient": {"first_name": "John", "last_name": "Doe"}, "kind": "New Patient"}'`

## Try adding an appointment that isn't in a 15 minute interval:
`curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/appointments?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"start_time": "2023-04-05 09:20:00", "end_time": "2023-04-05 09:30:00", "patient": {"first_name": "John", "last_name": "Doe"}, "kind": "New Patient"}'`

You should see: `Invalid appointment time`

## Try adding more than 3 to the same time slot
`curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/appointments?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"start_time": "2023-04-05 09:15:00", "end_time": "2023-04-05 09:30:00", "patient": {"first_name": "Jane", "last_name": "Doe"}, "kind": "New Patient"}'`

`curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/appointments?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"start_time": "2023-04-05 09:15:00", "end_time": "2023-04-05 09:30:00", "patient": {"first_name": "Susy", "last_name": "Doe"}, "kind": "New Patient"}'`

`curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/appointments?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"start_time": "2023-04-05 09:15:00", "end_time": "2023-04-05 09:30:00", "patient": {"first_name": "BamBam", "last_name": "Doe"}, "kind": "New Patient"}'`

You should see: `Maximum number of appointments reached for this doctor`

## Then add a new appointment to 9:30:
`curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/appointments?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"start_time": "2023-04-05 09:30:00", "end_time": "2023-04-05 09:30:00", "patient": {"first_name": "Wowzer", "last_name": "Bowser"}, "kind": "New Patient"}'`

## Try deleting an appointment (use the get request earlier to get the id's of appointments):
`curl -X DELETE 'http://localhost:8080/appointments?doctor_id=c1b6a4f5-dccb-458a-a506-2add802fe5b8&appointment_id=ebf4ceb3-4dd3-4ff1-9d7c-6da738ef4035'`

## Get all doctors again to see the changes:
`curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/doctors`
